1 12-3-2025 Intel Guru Frank26 Maliki lost the elections and yet he's voting himself in? How insane is that proposal? ...Trumpwill take care of it. Mark my words...When I am proven correct, would you guys promise to buy me cookies?
2 12-3-2025 Newshound Guru Clare He explained that these fluctuations increase during transitional periods, especially as the country is going through a post-legislative election phase on the one hand, and a phase of implementing customs governance and its digital procedures according to global standards...He added that what happened was no more than a slight fluctuation that had no significant impact on the stability of the general price level, as the country is witnessing price stability, which reflects the success of monetary policy in achieving its operational and intermediate goals, by stabilizing prices and reducing the annual inflation growth rate to the (normal fraction) of prices." [Post 2 of 2]
3 12-3-2025 Newshound Guru Clare Article: "Government clarification regarding the fluctuating dollar exchange rate: a transitional phase and colorful noise" Saleh, revealed on Wednesday the reasons for the return of the dollar's rise and the fluctuation in the exchange rate in the local market during the past few days...The truth is that what happened was an emergency and temporary fluctuation in the dollar exchange rate, as the parallel exchange market is often affected by a pattern of information that is called in economic analysis 'color noise', which is confused information based mostly on rumors, leading to uncertain behavior or short-term speculation... [Post 1 of 2....stay tuned]
4 12-3-2025 Newshound/Intel Guru Walkingstick [Bank friend Aki update] Question: "The CBI is acting like Jekyll and Hyde. One minute they say they're doing it, one minute they say they're not doing it?" AKI: They are doing it. We have no restrictions on our currency. We can buy, sell and trade with the Iraq dinar. All these new systems is allowing it to leave our borders. That is the next thing. That's why the BIS is sending these codes...These codes are not for the inside...The codes are international codes for the 50s and the 100s.
5 12-3-2025 Newshound Guru Pimpy Guess who's back? Back again? Big Shady. I'm talking about Maliki. Guess what Maliki is doing? He is attempting to be the prime minister of Iraq for a second time. I'm not even kidding. That would be disastrous IMO for those of us who are invested in Iraq at all...
6 12-3-2025 Intel Guru Frank26 [Iraq boots-on-the-ground report] FIREFLY:There's some economist on television saying, 'Citizens, you should prepare for a shock and a change to the exchange rate.' CBI governor Alaq on TV talking about an assurance the citizens of the banking reforms. FRANK: What would the shock be? The change in the exchange rate. And what would it produce? Purchasing power will be a shock to the system of a new generation that has no idea what they're about to receive...Tell them to stop teasing and just give the new exchange rate for crying out loud...
7 12-3-2025 Intel/Newshound Guru MarkZ [via PDK] I very much believe the CBI has submitted a new rate to the IMF. Do I have anyhard proof of that? No. But I have had enough connected people tell me this happened …so I believe it. I have heard it from severalsources.
8 12-3-2025 Newshound/Intel Guru Mnt Goat My Saturday call to Iraq: My contact...told me...the project to remove the zeros...is still targeted for December, be patient and instructions are ready to be posted in the news on how to conduct the swap out. Article: "Iraq is set to implement a new currency mechanism on December 1, 2025" Quote: “...includes the introduction of a central bank digital currency (CBDC) and a redenomination plan.” ...the CBI intends to being [begin ?] the redenomination plan or remove the zeros. This means to replace the larger three zero notes with the lower denominations... When this occurs we know the IQD rate will be about 75 cents in-country until they collected what notes they need to collect.